Class -->
    Its template from which we create object, which has group of objects.
   why - we use class to store varaibles,objects, methods
   where -- we use in any kind of project , under any package com.pack
   what -- we write methods, constructors- we extend and create object, reflection

package -->
    package is a group of classes combined to gether and can be builded as library and import as single package

Different Packages Available in Java?
        java.lang

Object -->
    Which has data(value) and functionality.
    Object is blue print of class and object is base for jave package
    Object class is present in java.lang package
   why - We us to create variables or methods
   where - we use in class

create proper Java class -- done
create Abstract class -- done
Create interface -- done
Create ENUM  -- done
Create Non static method  -- done
static method  -- done
return type method - done
create constructor - done
add name to String - done
add number to integer - done
add salary to double  - done
add bank account number to long - done
add true or false to boolean - done
add petrol price to float - done
add character to char - done
List all data types -
1.byte, 2.short, 3. char, 4.boolean, 5. int, 6. float, 7. double, 8. long, 9. Array, 10. String

JDK - Java Devlopment kit - is a software tool, used to devlop java application and implemets jvm and jre
JVM - Java Vitrual Machine - its set of software tool used to load, verifes and execute code gives run time env, present in software and hardware
JRE - Java runtime enviorment  - is a sofware tool used  develop java application and implmennts jvm,

Versions of Java -
1, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11
Current Java Version- java version "15.0.1" 2020-10-20

Java is platform depenedent or indepenednt? - its platform independent

List different pacakages in Java? -
    import java.util.*;
    import java.awt.*;
    import java.lang.*;

What is String ?
    String is a Immutable class
    String S ="Deeptha";

What are different Methods Avavailable in String?
   - charAt()
   - contains()
   - equals()
   - compareTo()
   - toString()
   - concat()
   - split()

what is mean by Concat and append?
    - Concat is used to add anything at end of  string
    - Append is used to add string or character sequence by using string buffer - (append is default in string bufer)

What all can be added inside a class ?
    - main method
    - static method
    - non method
    - variables - Data types
    - constructor
    - fields
    - static - before main method
    - non static -- after main method
    - Creating object
    - import
    - extends
    - add package
    - implements
    - keywords
what is System.out.println?
    System - Class
    out -- function
    println -- method

what is extends ?
    - Accessing something from super class to sub class
    - access both clas and abstract class, by using extends


Can u create a constructor ?

what is super ?
    - Super refers to parent class, its keyword, used in constructor

what is this?
    - is keyword, refers to current class.


Programs ::
    Sum of 2 numbers ?
    Print your name 10 times ?
    Create arraylist and add your classmates names?
    create String array and add Months (jan,feb,marc)?
    create char araay and add alphabets [a,b,c,d,-- Z]?
    just watch waht is askey value - what is askey value for a-z and A-Z?
    what is binary codes ?
    what is 0 and 1 ?
    what is capacity of Integer,String,char,Double,float,long? how many bytes it will consume
    add commit push




